AI is taken the stock market by storm
you could see what investors are talking
about today but is it possible that we
are now in a downtrend how will this
affect your retirement account I want to
talk about Elon Musk Tesla and so much
more you came here for the truth so let
me unveil that for you in today's video
we are going to look at Tesla stock
going down to
$14 is that possible I know many people
would say absolutely not if you saw in
the the runup that Tesla experienced
years ago there were constantly new
calls of Tesla being pushed higher and
higher and higher 5,000 10,000 15,000
why not the sky is the limit but now we
say
$14 oh no that's not possible well of
course I don't know what's going to
happen this is just one analyst I'll
show you what he said but before that I
want to make something very clear if you
see Tesla's stock over the years it was
at a certain place and then from 2019
into like 2021 the stock went straight
through the roof and you have to start
thinking about what made that happen why
did that actually take place was it
because the company fundamentally
changed from 2019 into 2020 was it was
it because they sold way more cars in
2019 than they did in 2020 or could it
be that it's all generated by the whole
hype by the whole you know idea that
this is the next big thing this is the
next hot thing as you see today
investors are jumping onto the AI Trend
smci Nvidia and so on well this is what
happens yes it could be a strong company
it could deserve a higher price than
where it is but when you start to get
all of this attention you better watch
out things could actually end much worse
than where we believe and usually people
get in always at the Peaks even if we
experience higher and higher Peaks we
usually end up at one of those Peaks
because it's all based on psychology
noted Tesla bear says musk's EV maker
could go bust and the stock is worth $14
could go bus they could go bankrupt
that's what he's saying the interesting
part about all of this of course is it's
coming from a company that's shorting
Tesla so obviously they have a reason to
say this yeah they might have the facts
behind it and saying why but let's just
always be clear of where we're getting
our information from all right now I
want to know what you think do you
believe that this car company will go
bankrupt I want to know what you think
in the comments
below now this is it Tesla's robo taxi
unveil on
888 so we'll have to wait a few months
to see what happens but this is a robo
taxi now what did we hear about Robo
taxis back in 2019 maybe even a little
bit before that we were told there would
be 1 million Robo taxis on the streets
in 2020 that was repeated over and over
and over and over again and your friend
and Kathy would continuously push that
as a reason why they would increase
their potential stock price for Tesla oh
yeah it's going to be huge it's going to
be massive well that was based on Robo
taxis yes among you know other things
but the robotaxis was the big one
because it would increase the value of
every Tesla so they're going to sell it
to you at 80 grand 50,000 whatever it
was but it would continuously go up in
value this magical vehicle would start
to generate income for you now that may
happen at some point in the future but
is that happening today as we're in
2024 what do we know about the calls
from all of these analysts as well as
people like Elon Musk they say things
and they don't come to fruition or they
take way longer than they do look at at
the supposed full self-driving on
vehicles today full self-driving we're
not there we are not there okay and in
area like they need to have if it's on a
track if it's on a highway you got a
guard rail on one side and you got lines
on the road painted on the other side
and it could do it no problem but if you
were to say for be for instance be in a
area where there's snow snow on the
ground you got all kinds of messed up
stuff you got construction the lines are
painted over there's no lines this thing
doesn't work today doesn't work at all
it's very dangerous in fact and so this
is something that won't be overcome at
any point in the near future they have
to work on that I'm not sure how they're
going to do this but they're not there
yet and here we are 2024 so when is it
going to be 25 26 27 I don't know what's
going to happen on 88 but don't hold
your breath that's all I'm trying to say
because that was the reason why they
pushed this stock so when we look at
other stocks don't forget about Tesla
look at other stocks and start to open
your mind Tesla and Apple's China sales
plunge as Chinese told to ditch Western
Products Chinese are going more with
Huawei they're going with the electric
vehicles that China's now producing so
you got to understand how things are
changing rapidly and For Better or For
Worse you can you know figure that out
but the point is this is what's
happening and the demand remember just
because the company is an American
company or it's a you know company out
of France where are their customers or
where's a large customer base if they're
heavily reliant on China you got to
watch out especially if you start adding
the tariffs and all this stuff they're
going to go back and forth again that's
going to start be careful what you wish
for the everything rally comes to the
derivative Market ah yes the derivative
Market ah I wrote my first book and
talked extensively about derivatives in
that book so you've heard me talk about
it but all I wanted to highlight is the
fact that there is this craze this
euphoria that takes place in every
cycle and during that time we get
craziness whether it's the
cdos okay remember those from 20072 2008
ridiculous the Clos which then came
afterward collateralized loan
obligations what is that like what is
that stuff well a lot of that is just a
bunch of garbage that they've taken they
wrap it up with a little little little
bow on top you know and then they sell
it off to investors um it's kind of a
nice thing right it's totally cool until
it fails and then it becomes absolutely
disastrous okay here we go
average returns aren't normal normal
returns are extreme stock markets are
positive
73% of the time and so this comes from
an article I'll show you the full
article in a second from real investment
advice they are very sound very balanced
and I have been reading their articles
for years and years I interviewed Lance
Roberts the head of real investment
advice at some point and you know I I
have to say when I look at the
information I know that it is very
trustworthy and they had put this
together and I think if people don't
understand this you're you're never
going to be a good investor let's look
at it quickly cumulative total real
return percentage of
$1,000 so this is percentage terms all
right the point that he's trying to make
here is that when we look in percentage
terms it can go up an infinite percent
but it can only go down a maximum of
100% so look how skewed we we look we go
back from
1904 okay all the way back all the way
back to the day and it looks kind of hey
well look at those gains fantastic right
and it's true as they said stock
market's up 73% of the time so you don't
want to be always betting against the
market you will will not win but look
what they say
here when we talk about it in points
suddenly it looks a lot different
doesn't it cumulative bull verse bare
markets in points and this there's like
what we notice number one and by the way
Finance Friday shout out to my finance
Friday Live Crew because we've talked
about this before but I have these
charts for you okay so remember what I
said you don't fight against that market
that up the majority of the time but
what do we know about bare markets they
are generally short they are generally
very violent so in terms of points you
got to look at that in in the example
here if I put the mouse over it just
look at this example so all of these
years I guess that would be let's say
1980 all the way through into probably
2000 so the market gains 22
87 but it crashes down
1,200 in a period of you know whatever a
year or something so and then again it
happens for financial crisis 2008 it
went up 856 took years to get there and
instantaneously loses 1100 points so you
got to realize how quickly things can
change so you got to be aware of this as
an investor you got to H your bets and
you've got to not always think that
markets continuously go up forever more
they do go up as long as you're willing
to devalue the currency they will go up
but you got to position yourself
appropriately people are taking way too
much risk way too much risk understand
something the average and the actual
returns are not the same you are
constantly being told you're going to
make 7 to 10% a year and by the way if
you're parking cash longterm as like a
you know quote unquote long-term savings
account and you're putting that in the
S&P 500 that's that's one thing if
you're trying to actually make money in
the stock
market like you're trying to grow like
say you got a small pile and you're
trying to grow that to a big pile that
is not you're you're not playing the
right game you you should be on my
Sunday business live okay that there's
no question about that so this just
shows us promise versus reality and
essentially there is a massive Gap if
you could see that orange section at the
bottom there's a huge gap in between
what we're being told so just keep that
in mind
okay for everybody who wants to know
more information about this I've got a
free course totally free course it's
called Compass the money gps.com
Compass you go through there once again
people ask me all the time what's the
website the money gps.com
Compass or you can just go to the money
gps.com click on that first button
that's compass and basically it's
totally free financial education for
everybody no there's no pay wall no
there's no email you got to put in no
you don't go in there and then you get
spammed and you you know I try to get
you to upsell and all this stuff it's
just a bunch of videos on a website I
hope that you will find it interesting
and you'll let me know hit that thumbs
up button on the way out doing so helps
to support this Channel all right and uh
I I hope that you'll come back tomorrow
I get messages every day or you know at
least a couple of week telling me that
they need to either look up my name
specifically look up my channel name um
they don't see my the videos in their
feed anymore something to this effect
you have to come and find me on
unfortunately that's just the way it
goes I'll see you back tomorrow take
care